> Share with us code or describe a project that you are especially proud of and explain why you are proud of it. If you have participated in free or open source software development previously, please direct us to your contributions.

One project that I'm very proud of is migrating an application from manual provisioning to autoscaling groups with infra-as-code (in this case, using Terraform). This app had an unpredictable and bursty usage pattern, frequently needing more capacity during off-hours. An alert would fire late at night or early in the morning, waking up the on-call app engineer to provision more nodes. The new nodes would process the work and then sit mostly idle, frequently for days at a time, until they were remembered and terminated. 

This presented a few problems: first, the app wasn't able to respond to demand, causing delayed and degraded service; second, the app engineers were frequently interrupted and/or woken up off-hours, making them unhappy and less productive; third, unneeded idle nodes were staying online, costing money.

I worked with the app engineers to figure out what was driving the alerts (queue size representing units of work), maximum/minimum capacity targets, and scale-up/down patterns. Based on that, I wrote a Terraform module to deploy the app into an autoscaling group which would provision a few more nodes for every 30 minutes that the queue was over a given threshold, and would scale down once the queue dropped below another threshold.

The end result was that service became more reliable and cost-efficient, and my team (SRE) earned some good will for helping to improve the app engineering team's quality of life. This project was also both my first meaningful work with Terraform, and my first larger project with my team. I was glad to learn more about developing with Terraform, pleased to help build bridges between the teams, and glad to improve service reliability and availability for the app. My team was able to use this effort to start conversations focused on reliability and recovery with the app engineering team, which in turn led to us pair-programming with the app engineers on further Terraform work, and migrating other services into autoscaling groups.

Regarding open source, I think that the most interesting thing I've worked on is [ctfd-infra](https://github.com/maxdotdotg/ctfd-infra), a packer template and Terraform module to build and deploy [CTFd, the capture-the-flag platform](https://github.com/CTFd/CTFd/) to AWS. My blog, which has a some writeups of past work, can be found [here](viperandleaf.xyz/).

